So welcome to the bootstrap section of the complete web developer course in this video we'll just talk
about what bootstrap is and why you want to use it so bootstrap as you can see and get bootstrapped
or come is an AGM LCS as an javascript framework so essentially it's a collection of CSSA and javascript
files which enable you to create great looking Responsive Web sites responsive meaning they look completely
different depending on the size of the user screen that's really important for web developers at the
moment because the use of mobile is increasing very rapidly.
But desktop certainly isn't going away anytime soon.
So feel free to go to get bootstrap dotcom and have a bit more of a read if you want to see more about
what it does.
But really the features are make a lot more sense as we work through them in this chapter.
There's a huge number of Web sites that are built with bootstrap over seven million of them in fact.
And if you go to Expo you get bootstrap to come then you'll see a few of the hand-picked examples and
I'll just show you some of them really quickly.
So creative.
Tim on here really nice looking site all done with bootstrap in D.C.'s again great looking site.
But with P-trap
Spotify the drop 2015 and Reavy I think it looks great.
Tracht TV
beautiful looking site.
And finally JTAC design studio.
So this is a portfolio and CV site which you might be considering making something similar yourself.
So in short bootstrap makes producing great looking responsive web sites really easy comes with a bunch
of CSSA and Javascript components that you can use to make websites your users will love.
That's enough to convince you that bootstraps worth looking into.
But it's not the only game in town.
I'll just quickly show you a bootstraps alternatives and if you google bootstrap alternatives you'll
get a bunch of options as foundation Zimet Inc.
HD M-L kickstart Keegstra up is actually based on bootstrap pure and HCM L5 boilerplate and why UI so
all of those great frameworks and well worth investigating.
If you've got slightly different needs but bootstrap in my opinion is definitely the best one to start
with so hopefully have whetted your appetite in the next video will see how to get started with bootstrap.